1. Given the firm's history and industry sector, write a product vision statement for Evernote Corporation.
 
Evernote An Organization for Product Vision Statement:

Vision Statement: FOR professionals, students, and creatives WHO need a versatile and efficient way to organize their thoughts, tasks, and projects, THE Evernote platform is a comprehensive note-taking and organization tool THAT allows users to capture, store, and manage their ideas and information effortlessly. UNLIKE basic note-taking apps or traditional paper methods, Evernote integrates seamlessly with various devices and platforms, offering robust features like web clipping, document scanning, and collaboration tools. OUR product helps users stay organized, improve productivity, and keep track of everything important in one place.

Detail about Evernote:

Evernote being an organizational tool has been revolutionary ever since it was widely clinched. It has radically altered how people deal with their information, concepts and other creations. Striving for the usability, Evernote has become one of the most popular applications all over the world.
Evernote is simple designed to make the life of working people, for example, businessmen, students and artists, easier and easily to use. You have a long to-do list consisting of tasks, projects, ideas, and many others; Evernote is here for you. It is like your little secretary that compiles all the things you will need in one package.
So no more writing things down on paper, or typing notes using the default basic note taking applications you realize. It is even more exciting when one has web clippings, scanning and real-time sharing as well as collaborative features. Happiness is like having a supercharged brain that can connect with all your stuff right from your hand.
That is why being useful is not enough for Evernote, it has to be absolutely indispensable. Like any other business, we are always being productive and developing the platform to be better than the other ones. We want Evernote be the first application people turn to when they want to begin organizing lives for work, school or life as a whole.
In its simplest form, it can be said that Evernote is designed to help you be more productive and make your existence less complicated. Be it, about increasing productivity, sharing ideas, collaborating with others or organizing, Evernote has the solution. As a forward-thinking and people-focused digital company, we are never complacent in the pursuit of achieving excellence – helping millions of people across the world reach their potential and have more meaningful and enjoyable lives.

“By developing this vision statement, Evernote Corporation will be able to sustain Evernote’s strategic goals, bring innovation in its products and offer support services for the expanding market share in the productivity software arena”.
Student ID: 500235460 Natish Kumar
